Cybersecurity Major here:

Copy these comments and send them over the Internet! Unite!

If you still have a Internet connection, a USB stick with 16GB and a functioning laptop, download the following programm, it is for anonymity in fields of browsing etc and the safest System out there(normaly for war journalists)

https://tails.boum.org/install/index.en.html

It works like this: after you installed Tails OS on your USB stick like described on the website, you plug the USB stick in your Laptop/ PC. before the startup, while you start up your Laptop and the windows logo comes on you get into your BIOS menu. To get into the Bios menu you can press different keys on the keyboard depending what laptop you use. Here a list:







ASRock: F2 or DEL
ASUS: F2 for all PCs, F2 or DEL for Motherboards
Acer: F2 or DEL
Dell: F2 or F12
ECS: DEL
Gigabyte / Aorus: F2 or DEL
HP: F10
Lenovo (Consumer Laptops): F2 or Fn + F2
Lenovo (Desktops): F1
Lenovo (ThinkPads): Enter then F1.
MSI: DEL for motherboards and PCs
Microsoft Surface Tablets: Press and hold volume up button.
Origin PC: F2
Samsung: F2
Toshiba: F2
Zotac: DEL

You start your PC and press the key for example ESC immediately. After that you get into the BIOS menu.
After you get into the BIOS menu you choose the usb stick and TAILS OS will be started. You have to select a language and keyboard layout.

After that your choose the internet Explorer of Tails wich will be a purple button, called Onion(TOR) Browser. You find it on the top left field in the folder applications. When in Tor Browser it is much harder to track your footsteps online. When you want to communicate with others watch this:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67f9iptWqt0







Russian Version:


Майор кибербезопасности здесь:

Если у вас все еще есть подключение к Интернету, USB-накопитель с 16 ГБ и рабочий ноутбук, загрузите следующую программу, она предназначена для анонимности в области просмотра и т. Д. И самой безопасной системы (обычно для военных журналистов)

https://tails.boum.org/install/index.en.html

Это работает следующим образом: после того, как вы установили ОС Tails на свой USB-накопитель, как описано на веб-сайте, вы подключаете USB-накопитель к своему ноутбуку/ПК перед запуском, пока вы запускаете свой ноутбук и появляется логотип Windows, вы входите в свой BIOS. меню. Чтобы попасть в меню Bios, вы можете нажимать разные клавиши на клавиатуре в зависимости от того, какой ноутбук вы используете. Вот список:
Отвечать






ASRock: F2 или DEL
ASUS: F2 для всех ПК, F2 или DEL для материнских плат
Acer: F2 или DEL
Делл: F2 или F12
ЭКС: ДЕЛ
Гигабайт/Аорус: F2 или DEL
HP: F10
Lenovo (бытовые ноутбуки): F2 или Fn + F2
Lenovo (настольные компьютеры): F1
Lenovo (ThinkPads): введите затем F1.
MSI: DEL для материнских плат и ПК
Планшеты Microsoft Surface: нажмите и удерживайте кнопку увеличения громкости.
Исходный ПК: F2
Самсунг: F2
Тошиба: F2
Зотак: ДЕЛ

Вы запускаете свой компьютер и сразу же нажимаете клавишу, например, ESC. После этого вы попадаете в меню BIOS.
После того, как вы войдете в меню BIOS, вы выберете флешку, и ОС TAILS будет запущена. Вы должны выбрать язык и раскладку клавиатуры.

После этого выберите Internet Explorer of Tails, который будет иметь фиолетовую кнопку под названием Onion (TOR) Browser. Когда вы находитесь в Tor Browser, гораздо сложнее отслеживать ваши шаги в Интернете. Когда вы хотите общаться с другими:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67f9iptWqt0
